Kubernetes_logs. Add delimiters for different OS in path_helper. Issue#18521 (#19799)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/18521_add_main_separator_in_kubernetes_logs.md

> Added MAIN_SEPARATOR as a separator for parse_log_file_path in the kubernetes_logs source. Parsing paths for different OS has become correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kubernetes_logs` source now handles parses log file paths on Windows to extract metadata.

authors: tmb-piXel
```

The changelog entries are meant to be user-facing rather than developer-facing so we just describe the user impact.
